feat(mojaloop/#2743): documentation standards + contributors guide on node upgrade recommendations (#379)
mojaloop/documentation: docs/community/standards/guide.md

## Documentation

> - Documentation should be written in Markdown format.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documentation should be written in Markdown format.  
- Hand drawn diagrams should use SVG format (example - architecture / component / block / state transition diagrams)
- Sequence diagrams should use PlantUML
```

- All discussion documents should be placed in /community/archive/discussion-docs.

> - The use of Google Docs and other tools should not be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The use of Google Docs and other private tools is not advised for community wide collaboration
```
